README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi there, I'm Planckestein (aka Bhaswan) 👋</h1>
<h3 align="center">Passionate about Computers and Science</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=planckestein0578&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="profile views" />
</p>

- 🌱 Currently learning: **Fortran**

- 👨‍💻 Explore my projects at [planckestein0578.github.io/bhaswan-portfolio](https://planckestein0578.github.io/bhaswan-portfolio/)

- 📫 Reach me at: **planckestein0578@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm deeply interested in Physics and aspire to be a physicist.

<h3 align="center">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/planckestein08/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="Instagram" height="30" width="30" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi4J5cz7oQmYzsqq-ZzRy-Q" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="YouTube" height="30" width="30" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="Arduino" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/53436240?s=40&v=4" alt="Fortran" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Embed an animated GitHub Top Languages card -->
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=planckestein0578&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="Top Languages" />
  </a>
</p>
>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Embed an animated GitHub Streak Stats card -->
  <a href="https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=planckestein0578&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  </a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Certificates:</h3>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/image/UC-b390bbfe-aeda-424a-8be1-3def6df3e4b7.jpg?v=1713444897000" alt="Fortran Certificate" width="200" height="150"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Update README with current projects
Added current projects to the README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi there, I'm Planckestein (aka Bhaswan) 👋</h1>
<h3 align="center">Passionate about Computers and Science</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=planckestein0578&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="profile views" />
</p>

- 🌱 Currently learning: **Fortran**

- Current projects -  Planetary System Simulator and Machine Learning for Astronomy

- 👨‍💻 Explore my projects at [planckestein0578.github.io/bhaswan-portfolio](https://planckestein0578.github.io/bhaswan-portfolio/)

- 📫 Reach me at: **planckestein0578@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm deeply interested in Physics and aspire to be a physicist.

<h3 align="center">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/planckestein08/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="Instagram" height="30" width="30" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi4J5cz7oQmYzsqq-ZzRy-Q" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="YouTube" height="30" width="30" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="Arduino" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/53436240?s=40&v=4" alt="Fortran" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Embed an animated GitHub Top Languages card -->
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=planckestein0578&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="Top Languages" />
  </a>
</p>
>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Embed an animated GitHub Streak Stats card -->
  <a href="https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=planckestein0578&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  </a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Certificates:</h3>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/image/UC-b390bbfe-aeda-424a-8be1-3def6df3e4b7.jpg?v=1713444897000" alt="Fortran Certificate" width="200" height="150"/>
</p>
